chore: Ensure that githost contains URL but not just hostname (#2638)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/pages/deploying-che-with-support-for-git-repositories-with-self-signed-certificates.adoc

----
$ {orch-cli} create configmap che-git-self-signed-cert \
  --from-file=ca.crt=__<path_to_certificate>__ \  <1>
  --from-literal=githost=__<git_server_url>__ -n {prod-namespace}  <2>
----
<1> Path to the self-signed certificate.

> <2> Optional parameter to specify the Git server URL. When omitted, the self-signed certificate is used for all repositories over HTTPS. For instance `https://git.example.com:8443`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> Optional parameter to specify the Git server URL e.g. `https://git.example.com:8443`. When omitted, the self-signed certificate is used for all repositories over HTTPS.
```
